Support "default" option for `build.jobs` (#12222)
rust-lang/cargo: src/doc/man/includes/options-jobs.md

Number of parallel jobs to run. May also be specified with the
`build.jobs` [config value](../reference/config.html). Defaults to
the number of logical CPUs. If negative, it sets the maximum number of
parallel jobs to the number of logical CPUs plus provided value. If

> `default`, it sets the number of parallel jobs to the number of logical CPUs.

Reviewer: How about this? Feel like shorter and clearer to me.

```suggestion
a string `default` is provided, it sets the value back to defaults.
```
